Removing unsupported options from HIS (#975)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: his/core/tn5250-administration2.md

# TN5250 Administration
The local LU, remote LU, and mode must match the configuration information in [!INCLUDE[hisHostIntServNoVersion](../includes/hishostintservnoversion-md.md)].  
  
To enable an APPC session with the IBM i, you must provide the user ID and password for conversation security. For the correct information, Contact your IBM i administrator.  
  

>  The TN5250 requires TN5250/IBM i definition terminal names to allow TN5250 service to accept client requests from client computers emulating those types of terminals.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TN5250 requires that TN5250/IBM i definition terminal names allow the TN5250 service to accept client requests from client computers that emulate those types of terminals.
```

>  To enable an APPC session with the IBM i, the user ID and password must be provided for conversation security. Contact your IBM i administrator for the correct information.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable an APPC session with the IBM i, you must provide the user ID and password for conversation security. For the correct information, Contact your IBM i administrator.  
```
